Privacy Policy

We may collect, store and use your personal information in connection with developing and providing to you its products, software applications (whether on third party sites or as applications on mobile devices), sites and other services (collectively, "Services").

We take your privacy seriously. We operate on the principle that your personal information belongs to you and only you can decide who you want to share it with and why. This is fundamental to the way we work and were committed to providing a secure environment for you to store your personal information and share it with others when you want to

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how personal and other information is collected and used by us. Please read it carefully, as all of our Services are governed by this Privacy Policy.

By using or accessing any Service you agree to and give consent to this collection, processing, transmission, retention and use of such information and data related to you. 

You may withdraw such consent at any time by letting us know via the applicable Service (e.g., using customer care tools in app) or by contacting us at la7nin@hotmail.com. 

At that time, you may also want to remove any cookies which have been placed on any device used to access the Services. 

Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out by us prior to such withdrawal. 

You are not authorized to install, access or otherwise use the Services if you do not agree and consent to this Privacy Policy.

The game does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the game

Google Play Services : https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Unity : https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the game we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the game when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the game may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at la7nin@hotmail.com.
